Homework 16 Deliverable

1. Step 1: Google Dorking
Altoro Mutual wants to ensure that private information that is unavailable on their public website cannot be found by searching the web.


For example, Altoro Mutual does not mention their executive remembers on the website. Using Google, can you identify who the Chief Executive Officer?
- Yes. Googling "Altoro Mutual CEO" returns multiple links that identify Karl Fitzgerald as Altoro's CEO.


How can this information be helpful to an attacker?
- Listing the names of C-level executives can provide attackers with easy targets for whaling campaigns. Whaling is essentially phishing targeted at high-ranking members of a company.


Step 2: DNS and Domain Discovery
The reconnaissance phase of a penetration test is possibly the most important phase of the engagement. Without a clear understanding of your client's assets, vulnerabilities can go unnoticed and later exploited.


Navigate to centralops.net.


Enter the IP address for demo.testfire.net into Domain Dossier and answer the following questions based on the results:


Where is the company located?
- The testfire.net domain is registered in Sunnyvale, California. The company which hosts their infrastructure, Rackspace Engineering, is located at 9725 Datapoint Drive, Suite 100 in San Antonio, Texas.

What is the NetRange IP address?
- The NetRange IP address is 65.61.137.64 - 65.61.137.127.

What is the company they use to store their infrastructure?
- Rackspace Backbone Engineering

What is the IP address of the DNS server?
- 65.61.137.117



Step 3: Shodan
Using Shodan and the information gathered from Google Dorking, find any other useful information that can be used in an attack.


Navigate to shodan.io.


Run a scan against the IP address of the DNS server for demo.testfire.net.

What open ports and running services did Shodan find?
- Shodan lists open ports 80 and 8080. Apache Tomcat web servers are running on both ports.



Step 4: Recon-ng
Altoro Mutual is also concerned about cross-site scripting attacks, which can cause havoc on their website. Verify whether or not Altoro Mutual is vulnerable to XSS by completing the following:

Install the Recon module xssed.
Set the source to demo.testfire.net.
Run the module.

Is Altoro Mutual vulnerable to XSS?
- Yes, Altoro Mutual is vulnerable to XSS according to recon-ng's xssed module.

Step 5: Zenmap
Your client has asked that you help identify any vulnerabilities with their file-sharing server. Using the Metasploitable machine to act as your client's server, complete the following:


Use Zenmap to run a service scan against the Metasploitable machine.
- nmap -sV 192.168.0.10

Bonus: In the same command, output the results into a new text file named zenmapscan.txt.
- nmap -sV -oN zenmapscan.txt 192.168.0.10

Use Zenmap's scripting engine to identify a vulnerability associated with the service running on the 139/445 port from your previous scan. Once you have identified this vulnerability, answer the following questions for your client:

What is the vulnerability?
SMBv1 servers are vulnerable to remote code execution via specially crafted messages.

Why is it dangerous?
Remote code execution vulnerabilities, if exploited successfully, allow an attacker full remote control over the target machine and its assets.
This should be considered a critical vulnerability.

What are your recommendations for the client to protect their server?
Filter ports 139 and 445. Patch the SMB server with the latest security update.
